Rita, like Miami and then Key West and all, so been like wanted to once see that side of the. Right? To break? Oh, my gosh, like, amazing. I was, we were initially planning to go to Hawaii, but my son was like, no, we have been there quite a time. Let's go to Florida. said okay fine, yeah. But I, I just, I don't know, what, like, I don't know, six times, seven times. I go back, like, every, like, yes. He wants to do something different. I mean, but, okay, so, so, between you and me, um, you went to Miami, would you have wanted to actually go back to Hawaii instead? Yes, I would. I would. I mean, after going there, the same amount of alps, right? It's like 4 or 5 hours each of each. I think for me, I've been to Miami place. I went 100 to present go back to Hawaii and stuff. Yeah, yeah. It was like a very, I mean, said that to me, like, what is people have talked so much about it, that drive to Key West, it's nothing. I mean, if you see here in California, you get much better drives and all. Yeah, yeah. But at least you got it, like, you got it out of your son's, like, system. It'd be like, and, you wanna go to Miami? You're gonna buy yourself. I'm gonna go back. Like, and that's the thing is, like, when I go to money, I mean, I don't feel like relaxed. I land in Hawaii, even if you land in Honolulu. Yeah. I'm like, I am on vacation. You know, you get off the plane, you walk through that outdoor airport, and you like smell the trees, and you're just like, like, I don't know for you, but I'm like, I'm on vacation. Exactly. Exactly. And that place is so welcoming with like people there and everybody is like, 0 wow, you're in a very non-relaxed and nice place, yeah. But, like, even in a Halloween, like, okay, it's a big city, but, like, you go to the airport, like, you could, I could see jungle. Like, I could see palm trees. I could smell the palm, but you could just smell in the, like, even though it's like, okay, you're in the airport, you could smell like diesel inches, all that stuff. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, like... No, no, no. I think it's good in a way because now he realizes California is much better a place and he looks forward to being being here instead of being, you know, thinking of any other places. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, well, I'm glad that you had a good vacation. Like, that's, um, yeah, like, we're trying to figure out a time to go back to Hawaii, but, like, right now, I'm just, like, a lot of anime right now, or, like, a weight. You, you have a family there or you just visit? No, we just wasn't sure what, um... Okay, Joe, there was one year. I think we were just coming on COVID, right? But I think there was one year we went, like, 3 times, and we went to Kauai, which, like, if you've ever been, I feel like, go, because if you're like, oh, like, Hong Wu is, like, so touristy, I'm like, whatever. Maui, I don't know, I'm, like, Maui's nice, but, like, Kawaii is the furthest I'm in, like, west. And it is so great because there's this one BRBO that we stay at, and you have to stay there minimum a week. But it's like in the most southern point of Hawaii, which is in Pointo Beach. And literally, this like BRB, it's like huge for just like me and my partner. But, like, for the amount that we would, for the same, similar amount of money that we would spend, for, you know, 'cause, like, it's super expensive to stay good on that test. Got it. $500 dollars, right? It must be the nice... or even share it. Um, we pay that amount and we get a 2 bedroom, 2 bath apartment. that's, like, it's a condo, and it sits at the most southern tip, the island, and we, like, we literally wake up with, like, actually, waves up against the sea plant, you know, like, turtles and dolphins in the morning, and, and, like, we have our kitchen, so we, like, make, make, make, make a coffee, make a little breakfast. And we'd sit outside on the terrace, and, New Jones. There's like, there's like sea turtles, you know, saying hi to us, and like, it is like so magical, so we're like, like, we will come back here and we don't get tired. And Kwani, it's also, like, rude laid back. It's not a ton of people. Um, it is super chill out there. And I feel like that for me is like vacation. It's like cooking. So, there's like, I think there's one flight from San Francisco that flies out there direct. And we just, we take it, and we win, like, it, you know, it gets us in the room of noon. We have a leisurely lunch at one of our favorite places. After that, we go to, like, Safeway and, like, buy groceries for the week. And then by time we'd get all that done. It's like 3 o'clock. It's like we check in. And then we like, oh, let me unpack. And by the time we pack, it's like, you know, we'll go down to the beach, and then, you know, we'll get ready, we'll go back to our place, and we'll get ready for dinner. And the sunset, which I'm wondering, like, I will send you, the sunset's, like, literally like right, like, we have the best view of the sunsets. Oh wow. Yeah, we don't have to go anywhere else. Like, we just open up a bar of wine, we have dinner. And that's like amazing, right? We do that for like an entire week. And that's where we're like, we're gonna come back here for like, like 3 hours. So then now we actually have enough for a while, I was like, okay, we have to, like, really, like, chill out for a little bit. Not into Kawaii, actually. I've been to Honolulu, but like what you said, it's, it's, it's definitely makes sense for me to not go there and it's, it's a very nice day practice. That's what you need for a vacation actually. Yeah. Yeah, I will send you the link to RBRBO. Okay. It is, like, that will give you incentive to, like, just go. Like, if you want to go with another family, like, it's a, it's a big ass condo. Um, there's a pool in a complex. They have like, if you want to grill anything, there's like a separate grilling area. So, like, um, idea hi? I don't know. Yeah, does send me that. Definitely, I'm going to talk. I mean, definitely plan something soon because that's one of the favorite vacations that I think of, one that I, Yeah. Yeah. Sorry, I know that you called to talk, like, talk about, like, who I ate, but, like... Exactly. Yeah. So no, I think it was just an informal chat, Eugene. I think we met, I thought, well, not been. have not been able to speak to you, what I've been working on, what I've been doing at Saddam, maybe talk about that. So, Yeah, so, so I think I was really fortunate this year to be getting into this specific AI project, which is working with AWS ProServe team, and it's for J- G-E Vernova client that's in the East Coast, but I got my good hands on our building, AI agents, in which are more like a production ready. So my 1st agent that I wrote is going to be deployed in UITs, this already applied and going to production. So that was really good building from POC work and going to like really production work in AI, it was very good in terms of like the me learning about clot code and this customer uses all those clot code and other things. So actually, like using that in the customer, setup was 1st ever experience. So it was good. Right? Yeah. And also like the the good part is like I get their back end, they have decided to be in data breaks. So all that document processing, chunking, embedding, and storing in vector space, that happens since they did a break. So I am now moving on from this Asians to doing this piece of work. So that's exciting because it kind of aligns with the data breaks, uh, AI certification that I'm planning to do, and so I can actually, yeah. I'm so happy for you So that's good, yeah. Other than that, I think, since we did not speak, I think I overall, I feel like I've been getting good projects and experience overall here in Salam. Like last year also I was working with SES 4s and before that app, or Fruit Goat. So yeah, I I feel like um, I have grown uh, in terms of what I've experienced over these projects, Instagram, in terms of like, I, it got, it got a good, um, exposure, talking to some enterprise architects and sea level, exits, and presenting that the architecture, compare, comparing what exists in their enterprise. So that that specific experience that definitely I feel like is going to help me going forward here in Slalom as well. Um, yeah, and I'm going to present uh, next week in architecture series for the Fruitco architecture, which I kind of built for the lake house. So I've been talking to Kendra on that. So that's one thing that I'll club with Raghav and we'll do together. So yeah, so it's been more exciting now. I mean, it's good. Yeah, just... Like, that's great. Like, especially, like, you, you know, coming over, like, several years ago, you're just like, oh, I've been doing this, like, crap advertiser. Like, I've really seen, like, good growth for you, so that's great. Wait, so, are you still at Frito or, like, are you rolling up? No, I am not a fruit go. Fruitco was, I think, even before Says Force, right now I'm with AWS Pro Surf team. Okay. So, so the client is ZE Vanova, so I work with their poster team for the client G. So, yeah, so Fruitco, I worked with Erica, Ragav, and others in like for until like last January or so, but from January on words, I've been, I moved out of Fruitco, but yeah. Okay. Yeah. And how long are you gonna be on this, like, preserve thing for? So this stuffing is actually until this end of year. Um, yeah, so, I think they, they, from Slalom, Norkel, at least I haven't seen anybody, but I think they'd be kind of adding more people or hiring more people from Salam is what I heard. Yeah, yeah. Great. Yeah, so yeah. So I think from wanting to get your perspective, I know the ox is called data, NEI, and since I've been doing more like now, more AI focused work lately. So how does that fit in our data? AI structure? Is there anything that I should be doing differently? Uh, to tag myself to those kind of opportunities? What do you think? I would say, thank you for asking that. Like, I think what the delineation is between, there won't be a ton, but like, I think for the AI team, they're really looking at, They're less about the engineering of the architecture, but they're more about like, Looking at either model development or model retraining or monologue optimization. Okay. For us, like, we still need to do, we still need to do, do the work, to pipeline the data, in the storage, in the architecture. And I think, I would love to see you, up, from an engineer, architecture perspective, is that, like, okay, so, like, you know, I've been involved in, like, helping to train folks on codex, but there's so many other alums out there, you know, some, some, and some age, like, like some, you know, some clients prefer club or some people might prefer anthropic. But I think for me, I'm just gonna continue to try to get people enable our codex as much as possible. Yeah. Because at least, like, if they get deployed on, on, you know, on a climate that uses emphropic, it's fine, you just, like, shipped over to it. So, because we need to get people to start thinking about how, how their, uh, how their engineering work is gonna change. So whether it's going to be codex, or anthropic, or clot, it's it's just getting used to that. you know, and using a framework. And so, like, I would love to kind of get your thoughts in terms of like, what, like, you know, do you feel like that is, like, that is something that makes still make sense or is still relevant? One and then two like how do we deliver? How do we deliver it differently on these, like, data engineering cagements? W, all these agents who, like, have these B-man frameworks, we have stuck kit, you know. Um, Because I think that's what, like, that's what we need to change, because as a matter of fact, we call right before this, I was talking to, um, like this product owner who's trying to, like, bring all these, like, different pieces together. It's like, oh, I heard, DJ, you're enabling all these people. But then how do we, how do we market this? Like, are we ready to market? And saying, we're ready, like, are we, like, I don't know, said, um, so, you know, we'd love to have your drift on. like, how many, now that you've been delivering with these agents, like, What will be the next step that you recommend for me to, like, take? You know, as part of this, like, beef, like, codex course, or, like, you know, or I'm hoping to under suggestions. Yeah, no, so 1st I like to understand, like, I know we are enabling people more to learn codings, understand. But are we trying to, I mean, the goal is to place more people in projects in codex as well, or it's overall like just making this codex as a skill, more marketable, like, okay, we stand by you and we say that this codex has X, Y, Z, things and that's why it's better than compared to other different models out there. What's kind of thing that? Sure, so hard work, I look at it. That's a good question. I mean, I look at it as, like, our date of this capability. We hire people who know Ted Lowe, but, like, if you know Chad Luna, you could, you could dupe how DI Clark, right? It's it's just like learning how to visualize data, right? It's kind of like similar things. okay, well, we're not pushing codex per se, but because we've already have an established partnership with them in AI, and they were willing to just give us these, like, you know, these APITs for, like, nothing. So, why not start with something? Like, I, you know, I'm not gonna have philosophical conversation, like, you wanna use cursor, then my only use cursor? I don't I don't care. I'm like, if... But I think what I do care is that, like, okay, so you're working with cursor today or you're working with Cloud, like, how much of it are you using for your engineering? And how much of it are you unlocking, you know, in your day-to-day engineering capabilities? That's all I even care about. Yeah. Right. Yeah, so what I what I feel is like, be it codex or cloud or any other underlying what models we are using, like are we using cloth Sonic? Or are we using GPD 4.2? So those different models are being uh, for different purposes. So people, whoever that engineers need to understand that how I use effectively, uh, these different uh, UIs and how can I uh, um, be more efficient with less cost as well, right? So, So that's that's that's something that definitely everybody needs to be aware of. Now coming to, like thinking of slalom as such, right? We work with customers and customers work into certain certain environments and they have, like, for example, I'll give you this G example, right? They, they have GitHub copilot as the UI, but you can use plots on it or GPT 5.4 or whatever for doing EG. They want us to use, in fact, as much as possible the AI. Now, then they becomes a little bit of customer specific ask, like use this versus the, that time you would definitely need to know that particular tool or whatever, right? Now, I think like as an engineer, I would like to know all of them and the differences so that I can better, you know, kind of use them if in case I'm giving given an opportunity at a project or a customer, I can even tell them, okay, if you use uh codex here, these are these things would be simplified for you. So knowing that and understanding that knowledge is definitely very helpful for us as a consultant, and I believe those sessions are definitely useful using and I'm sorry, I couldn't actually attend them much. But I would definitely try to do that because I know last time when I looked at the course content, it was really good. Just that I could not pursue much after that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's seven. So thank you. That's it, at least, what I'm hearing is that you're at least validating, like, the approach that I want everyone to take around this is, go through the course, right? And that's what we've spread it out down to 4 weeks because I know everyone is on a client engagement and, you know, that's crazy, but that's why we've stretched it out to like 4 weeks, so it's not just a one week course, right? Because it's not like you're on the batch or whatever. So, um, well, at least you're kind of validating, I'm not cooking, right? So, um, you know, Christian's like, oh, we need to build this maturity curve of like, okay, now you're exposed and now you can architect stuff. I'm like, I don't know. I'm not gonna build that content. like, I feel like people just need to use it. And then document, like, I think what I would love to get from you is that for the projects that are using, um, like agents in their development life cycle, I would love to learn from you, like, okay, so what are some of the best practices, right? Like what, and I think from there, that's how we build the content of like, okay, this is what we need to share. with our, like, with our data engineering teams, right? Echostars doing that today. What are they doing? And then together we could kind of like, you know, put it in sort of like a knowledge, like, you know, just kind of like share knowledge of, like, hey, you guys, like, um, before you start, like, you need to understand, like, what version you're gonna go for, because, like, setting up permission is gonna be, like, really hard, and the apartment setup is really kind of crazy, depending on, and I think that would be, like, I think that's something we could start, 'cause I don't want to sit in great content in a vacuum, because nobody has time for that shit, right? Um, I totally... smart, right? Yeah. Yeah. So, I think that's a very good point and I'll keep that in mind because I'll tell you that that specific reason why people need to learn because I have this team wherein, like, there are loans almost like 45 AWS, uh, brocer team of engineers, and they've been told to use AI. Now they are junior developers and they kind of just, I mean, if you use AI without an architect and design thinking, you might end up in a code, which is definitely going to blow up and that's what is happening. So, so I, I think there was, if we kind of create some templates around before we start with the production existence, how should developer be using it? Uh, and what are the important? If if we kind of as slam also, like when we go to customer and we kind of say that, okay, we use AI for beat codex, plot or whatever, but there are certain specific templates that developers need to follow, that will reduce the kind of problems that we have seen in production. So I think you gave me a good insight. Let me think through and maybe that's that would be a good collaboration with you on like how we can get this thing. Would love that. Because if we start with that, then I can take it a date in the scene of, like, what are you seeing? Can we just, like, it doesn't have to be fancy, like, I don't know, if we even just, like, if we just do a branch, like, a, like, another branch in the pitbucket reboot, I'm just like, what are people seeing? Can you just, like, you know, we could just crowdsource this stuff, and then we could turn it into a curriculum that we could just, like, even a curriculum. I'm just like, lunch with butter. Okay. Books, you've gone through this codex course, like here's, here's the other things that you need to think about before you get deployed on your, like, next engagement, right? That's a very good thing to look at and I'll definitely put some time on it. I, I, I, I actually feel like this is so important being in this kind of a project because last week the team was working over the weekends just because they were dissolving lot and lot of issues. And they did not know. They just kept on asking, yeah, okay, this is the problem. Fix it. This is a problem, fix it. There should be some kind of structure to it. Right, that's the thing is that, like, you don't, right? Like, where's the decision tree, where it's like, okay, this is the human and the liver, where you have to, like, you can't just ask the AI, like, because I think it's, like, at what point are you saying? Okay, if the agent is actually, like, developing, like, giving code is, like, not correct, you can't, like, at what point do you stop and say, like, no, I actually have to go in and, like, look at this and, like, rent it? Yeah, yeah. Like, and not ask, like, to, like, fix itself again because it's, it's like, you know, it becomes this, like, you know, existential problem. Like, I think if you're just asking to like make things worse. Yeah, right? Yeah. If you can kind of think of reviewer agents and um, having like those kind of guardrails or like what we have learned from our experience and industry in the previous projects, and building some templates around. Probably that would be something that can be used across projects and customer. So, so yeah, I will definitely look into it. Thanks for, you know, kind of bringing it up. That's really helpful. Yeah, one more thing, Eugene, I also wanted to talk to you about and I think I do want to be more explicit. I, I have been aiming to, you know, move to the next level. And I would really value your, you know, guidance and support in getting there. So one thing I've been happening here is like, um, my PLs have been changing a lot, like from SJ to Erika, Raya, then Joshua, and then now Eric. So that's okay. I mean, I know this will be this the kind of thing that happens and everybody has been very supportive, but somehow me being getting busy and delivery work and then PL's getting changy. Somehow, I feel like I'm kind of losing that track of how to get there. So probably it would be really helpful like from your perspective, like how can I eat? Align myself, like my work to the, to get there is what I look for, you know. I, um... Yes, so. Um... And I understand that there's been a lot of people here show changes, just a lot of change, full stuff, I recognize that. Um... Have you done, like, have you done your stuff assessment, like, of the readiness? Um... So I started that with Joshua in December. I kind of, we started, we discussed and dotted down the difference between principal living and senior consultant and what I've been doing. We could not complete that exercise, but it's there and I need to sit on it a little bit more. But yeah, since now Joshua is going and Eric is coming in, I want to make sure that I, this has been like like 2 or 3 cycles that I've been just talking about it, but never, at least given a chance to try. So I want to try at least. Yeah, yeah. That's right. So, what I would recommend is that, like, why don't you finish it out? Finish it out, um, share it with me, um, what's, you and I have a session? Of course, now, in that area, because you're doing PR, like, you should definitely talk about both of him. But I would like to, especially for all, like, promotes, I wanna, um, I wanna be a multida, right? So why don't you finish it out? Um, let's set up some time, like send it to me, and then set up some time for us to review it. Okay. Um, what I would recommend for you to do, because now it is a, like, it is a visibility game. Like, you, we are one swallow them, and, um, I think the best, like, we need to find opportunities to, like, elevate you on a, like, on a broader platform. Like, I don't know if it's like, okay, like you present, um, at, you know, Brendan Johnson at Denver, he has this like architecture review board things. Yeah, so that's what I just mentioned, like I'll be presenting in that one next week. So I signed up for that. I'm definitely looking for more opportunities wherein I can, you know, the, like you said, the work that I've been doing in delivery gets reflected or I can use it for other different places in Slalom. People can utilize my experience. I'm open to it. I just don't, uh, Yeah. No, exactly. where to go. Yeah, so I think also what we just talked about, like, I wanted you to get connected with, like, Dave Messina, and, like, like, if there's a meeting where we can come together, like, me, me, and Dave, and if you could pull in other screw, like, starting to deliver using agents, and then now, like, start pulling together material to say, like, okay, this is how we think about delivery, because here's here are the challenges that we're facing. Um, and then if I could put you in the, like, like in the forefront, like, hey, Varina, I want you to own this because it's important to us, and you, kind of in the same way of putting Jordan on the front to, like, meet on the enablement. Like, I want to do the same for you, from a delivery perspective, so that we have, like, kind of a book in, and I'm like, okay, so we have enabled, like, Jordan enabled in up front. Jordan, you know, he just got promoted. So he's fine. But, like, but you see what I'm saying, is I'm like, okay, but I want to start putting you in spotlight of like, hey, Marina is gonna start putting, like, help into coordinating. And, and so that way, you get in contact and you just have some of your time with, like, Christian and, like, 3 and, like, Dave and, like, all these senior leaders. Another major league is like Chris Temple out of like central Suresh on the east. I'm like, hey, you guys are thinking about delivery. And also, Chris Temple is helping you deliver echostar so he could definitely would love to kind of like, I think find a way to start. you know, pulling this material together, so... Yeah, definitely. I will lean more towards it. It's actually my address too. Because of what I learned, I always wanted to talk about it and I see the teams would benefit from it and it helps me also grow here. So I would need some guidance and support all the way, but I'll definitely start working on it. So thanks for bringing it up. Um, yeah, so that's very good. Thanks for. Understanding what I am trying to say, yeah. Yeah, and this is my current gift to you, is the link to the VRV of Kwaii. Just click on it. They have some good pictures. That's literally, that is, those are not touchdown pictures. Like, the waves literally come up and you're like, wow. This looks like painted or something, none. I know, it does. But it's not. It's real. Your takeaway is to, like, go through the readiness assessment, send sometime with me, send it to me sometime with me. Um, and then we could talk about all the other stuff too, in terms of like the architecture. Yeah. Yeah, I'll do that. Thanks. But a very connected. Thank you. So, brother, you... Yeah, thanks, Doc. Talk to you later. What time do you get a seat? Yeah. Okay.
