consultant, we're all consultants, but you become a consultant, but you're also a leader. And as a leader, there are a few things that are expected of us. One is, if you get assigned staff, then you become a leader of that staff. You become that those peoples, those team members, people's leaders. So you become a people leader. So there is an aspect of this. Have you ever had people reporting to you? No, not formally, but, uh, I mean, in terms of mentorship, I have been doing, uh, uh, like informally, but if you ask me like, I had anybody reporting to me? No. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, no, that's that's that's fine. Um, because these are skills that we used to develop uh, during the uh, during the uh, uh, promotion process. It used to be called RTP, role transition process. And so these are skills we use to develop, how to be a people leader. Um, So, it goes, so it's this type of conversation we're having right now, this is the mentorship part. This is the leadership part. And then there's the more menial stuff. Like, uh, approving hours and vacation time and so. So is that a mandatory thing to have like a formal uh, reportee before uh, you being considered for uh, the principal level? No, no, no, no, not at all. Not at all. But when you become a people, when you become a principal, it's expected that you will be becoming a people leader. So you want to be, uh, you want to have those skills, you want to have this knowledge. of how to do it so that you don't yourself, as a new people neither, you don't fail, you don't without knowing what you're doing, and the people reporting to you, don't have bad guidance or a bad experience. So, it's important. that's that's one aspect of this. So that's one aspect of being a leader. The other one is, uh, uh, it's not just leadership of those people that are reporting to you, but it's also becoming a leader of the practice. So it's not just making sure that your people are busy or are utilized, but it's also developing or managing the practice in general. Mm-hmm. So being involved in the in the day-to-day management of the practice. And so in order to do this, there's a few things you need to learn. You need to learn how to use sales force. You don't need to know that before you become a principal, but when you do, you need to learn how to use sales force. Um, um, Not as a tool, but the sales force, the way it is, is set up inside of Slovo. Um, and then, um, Uh, let's see. Uh, using sales force? Oh, yes. So, managing the team, managing the practice in the sense of looking for opportunities, we don't have sales numbers anymore. We don't have to have sales numbers. It's no longer part of our, um, It's no longer part of our, um, uh, goals to have a sales number for the principals, but we are expected to participate in sales regardless. Without it being qualified. So, so, that's another aspect that needs to be developed is being uh, being able to navigate a sales process. Like all the pursuits that we do responding to RFPs, some of them are more passive, some of them are more active. Um, and once you are in a pursuit and you're presenting a solution, uh, uh, to a client as part of a pursuit is knowing the nomenclature. So what's the, um, What, what is the, the profit margin that we're looking for? And looking for these numbers, knowing where to find that information? Um, finding people's rates. What's a fixed fee compared to time and material? And how do they? So these things are all related to pursuits, to pursuit, and while we don't have sales numbers to reach, we are still expected to be part of pursuits. So that's another aspect. So I have been part of those pursuits and I've worked closely with some other principal people and others who are involved on those sheets and allocation and time and how we kind of calculate. I work with Erica on that. I work with Aprajith earlier. So in some of these RFPs, I have been part of, like even in Stage 4 when I was working, I think when we created SOW, I was part of that discussion of the resources and how we are allocating time in money and things like that, coming up with that number. Perfect. So you've already you've already seen that before. It's perfect Yes. Okay. did. And so so 11 question that's going to come up and so there's other people on the team that are interested in working towards principal. And there is one question that is being asked of us that, that I am working on with, with some of those people. So, that question, if I if I am to ask, um, If I am to ask, uh, Eugene, not ask, if I am to tell Eugene that Madorima is interested in becoming a principal, is going to, to, his 1st question is going to be, um, what is Madorima doing outside of delivering her work? Yeah. So we need to we need to have, we need to make, and this comes back to managing the practice, helping manage the practice. So... Yeah, so I have kind of put those things also in my sheep once you get chance, you can look at it. So I was associated with data brick, COE, Pragati, Sharma, Might know, and leadership, and Somnia Ghosh, who is leading the data brick, COE. He reached out to me because they were developing an accelerator which was to be presented by data break stream in London Summit. So I kind of went and developed and also was part of those. So those that association was there. I have been part of this data breaks engineering sessions on Fridays, work with Emmanuel, and also Maya. So we kind of work together to get certifications, so cohort and all. I kind of held others as well as did my data breaks engineering certification last time when I was part of this cohort. I have also been, uh, I mean, in between, sometimes I've been called in, uh, like, uh, by, uh, I think uh, Maxim was working on some RFP with SD, so I was part of helping them with the solutioning part for data. And so there has been certain things that have been working outside, so I've kind of listed and we can go through that. And I would love to continue because I have also like recently did this presentation with archive studies and I think Brendan is leading that. This is exactly where I was going with this. So there is another aspect of this and it's it's visibility. So we want to make sure that you are visible. And this is where I was going with all of this, is that um, what are the things you're doing outside of delivery? And basically, who is Madarima? So, um, there's other people on the team wanting to interested in the, in promotion to principle. But, um, if nobody knows who they are. They cannot be successful at being a leader. Uh, uh, being a leader, like a people leader and uh, helping manage the uh, the, the practice. So one thing that is valuable, and I would, I would even say critical because I know that Eugene is looking at this and Eugene is kind of a gatekeeper for us. So anyone who wants to get promoted, we need to get past to get past Eugene. So, um, one thing that I've been working on is making sure people are visible, that they do things that, that, um, that benefit other people in the team, not just the team member, but benefit other people. So if you are teaching a class or if you, I'm taking the example of Anu, a new work on the Codex training that you took. And so, and I would clarify that you're all done with this, right? Yeah. But so she worked on this. What is it? So, uh, and so that that added visibility for her because now people know who she is. So that's one example. Another example is what you and Ragav did, you did a presentation at the archive. Were you there today? I was there today, but I didn't look who was there. There was a presentation today. Yeah, I was not there today, but yeah, I'll check that. Yeah, that's there's one moment. So this is one way. This is one way of becoming visible. It's to, it's, it's one of the easy way of becoming visible. It's to participate in something where people will attend. And you get to speak to them. Other ways of doing this is to be involved in um, in things like the, um, oh, if you change the name of that, It's the community. What is it called? It's employee communities. Um, You know, they have, like they have mothers and they have, they have, uh, They have all kinds of communities. So being involved in these things, so that the minute you become a principal, you become a leader. People know who you are and, oh yes, of course, but the Republic became a principal because she does good work and she's involved in all of these other things. Mm-hmm. So, so, uh, this is this is another aspect that we need to make sure to to develop. Um, and I will say, uh, after talking with Josh and in my own personal observation, this is one part that is lacking. is we need to make sure that the good word about Madurima is spread throughout throughout the practice. so that we know who you are and not just related to work. I think needing out to the people I've worked at Slalom would also help because I kind of started, I worked with Khashin, and I read them project. He knows me well. From there, been interacting with him if something comes up, then comes later, like I work with Erica and Pete and other people, Islam. Um, And then I think, uh, this is for, uh, Maxine and Raya as well as is D, all of those people. They don't mean. I mean, I'm just talking taking those names because they know me well and that will kind of help you. You said SD, you're talking about SD SDC, right? SDC, yes. And Who else? Let me see. Um, Yeah, yeah, I think Prajita was there maybe, I mean, she left. was there so I used to work with them. Yeah, a lot of time with him. Eugene, yes, of course, because I think when Aze was doing some of those pursuits and Eugene and J, I walked on some of those because some RFP needed some of those solutioning. So I worked with them. So she knows me well from the start. Um, who is? Yeah, I think I will kind of try to put... No, that's okay. I hear what you're saying. Uh, we want to make sure that this is not a one off, right? That this is something that's happening all the time. so that people know you. Yeah, and then also tell you like with these cohorts sessions and data engineering sessions that I'm in, I think Maya generally comes comes back to me, reaches out, like today also she kind of was having some problem with AWS, how do I build a prawler and things like that? So I kind of held her build like how she can solve that problem. I think she's working on dish or some client, but she needed the, so I think I kind of reach out, maybe, but it's like, I think we need to have more bigger audience or something. Well, it's the one way to think about it is your brand. So if someone thinks about, if someone talks about right now in my experience, in the practice, if I'm talking about someone who knows cloud code really well, I'm thinking of Ragav. If I'm looking for someone who understands and works with uh, Salaam, uh, a snowflake really well, I'm thinking of anu or uh, a meat. So it's, it's like a brand. I know that a new cover knows these things really well and she can help. I know that Ragav does this really well. Um, I don't know what people think of when you think of me. I don't know what it is. Architecture, uh, old school, um, older, older technologies. So if someone thinks of Madorima, what do they think of? Or if someone thinks of E technology, I will tell you, like, my image earlier was more like, if anything needed about in AWS expertise, reach out to me, because I, I think anybody, like even Tashi, SJ, or Maya, or I'll tell you any other people who want it kind of things, they would reach out to me. So I I had that and I still continue to have that image, but I have grown past just AWS now. I have built my capabilities around data breaks. I have built my capabilities around AI. Now, bending that more is also important because it's not just confined to AWS. So I think with this project, especially with whatever I have learned in AI, I would want to, you know, kind of present this in data, our archive series, maybe, because I can talk through the architecture that I have built for the AI here, AI pipeline, right? So, and the technology there, so I can definitely help if there is anything needed in the practice for these particular technology, like if you want to build an agent in AWS, how would you do that? How would you productionize it? If you want to bring, build a data, a pipeline, a rag pipeline, specifically in database, and how you want to protectionize it, I can help there because I have my hands all done for that. So I would want to. One thing I've been thinking of is, so there are specific skills like this that it may not be a good fit to present at the data archive sessions, but it may be a good fit to have during a brown bag, lunch and learn type session. And and so some very specific topic, and you can talk about it, but you can also show how it's done, like a demonstration. Yes. So that's that's another way of getting visibility, and that's something that's that's useful inside of the team. Everybody will benefit. Yeah. So these are these are what happened. Yes, no positive things that will be that we should document. Okay, shoot. And I think, uh, uh, Bri reached out, uh, for some birth that AI AI related that she's looking for people who are already worked on. I think I volunteered. Oh, to help help with sales, right? I just don't fully understand what I ask is. It was something. I think that's what it was. Some demos on AI. Yeah. Exactly. It's like the demo team. Okay. to support, it supports sales and pursuits. No, that's perfect. These are exactly the things that, that, that, that, that, that we need to. So you see, I was not aware of all these things. Oh, sorry, yeah, I, I, because Erica also paid me on that and I said, okay, yeah, this is good. And then Brie said, oh, yeah, 1000%, I will include you. But then I think she's still forming team or something is she isn't still ready to. Oh, yeah, she hasn't done anything with it yet. So while she's ready, I can help, there, that's my plan. Another thing when I spoke to Eugene, he was suggesting is, uh, he needs some help in terms of like, um, When we kind of use AI in production, what kind of issues we see? Like in terms of like my experience here with the team, how uh, how different graduates should be put or what, what practices should the team follow? Those are the things that he was looking forward to. I haven't got chance to, I know I have been working on this. I have it in my mind, but I got the chance to, you know. Write down anything or produce an artifact which will help, but I was thinking I should do that because that might Writing articles is another way of sharing this knowledge. In write an article, we can publish it internally inside a Sloan. We can also, you can also publish it like a medium or something like that. Mm-hmm. That's another way of, um, We wanna, we wanna make sure that there is no question when comes time to recommending you for promotion, there is no question. Of course, Madurima should be a principal. She's already good at delivery. She's already involved in all these other things. We want to bring her to the next level and be part of the leadership. So, so, that's what we're doing. We're trying to find all the reasons, document all of this. Here's all the things that Naderiva is doing. So you already have some of that documented, and we'll continue to do this. I will read through it. I want to see the details. I will read through it. Okay. Yeah, you do, and uh, meanwhile, uh, Meanwhile, I'll also work on um, This, I told you, right? Like, if B comes there, that's one opportunity. 2 is, uh, uh, whatever Eugene asks is on the AI part. I'll I'll connect with him and see what he wants, but I'm not. Yeah, another aspect of this is being proactive. So you've heard these things, you had requests, you want to make sure that you keep following up. You are proactive. You don't just wait for people to come to you. I know, it's just this last one.
