Yeah. Yeah, no, thanks for calling this out. I would definitely want to think through, um, But, uh, Yeah, I mean, let me give some time on this because I want to see, uh, make sure that whatever I have kind of produce with the work that I have done is also something that can be, um, created as an artifact, something that other slalom folks can actually benefit from and use, like you said, like there is other projects that uh, that requires similar kind of work, right? So if we kind of, from this experience, pull together some artifacts which will help across these projects would be a good thing to have. Now that I have kind of ended up one cycle, I will get some bandwidth to do that. So I want to stay here and complete that piece before I think of moving on to the next project. So, so let me do that. And then maybe as we I would actually want to kind of present or demonstrate to you what what exactly I've created or built here so that I can have your inputs too. That way we both understand like where I stand and what other capabilities I can, I mean, or projects or opportunities I can help. And I I love I love that idea about your remote. So I would love that for 2 reasons. One is, I'd like to, I'd like to hear you describe it so that I can ask questions and see what was the thinking behind it. Have a little bit more interaction because you and I only talk once a week. That's not enough. And then, uh, and then from that information, yes, we can help that, we can use that to find out what other projects would be good for you. Yeah, so I will do that. And then I also, I mean, I can think of like you're saying that there are many opportunities and openings coming up. Uh, I, we can start thinking in terms of how we can kind of, Aside my delivery work can help, um, with some artifacts or things that can accelerate people working on those projects, right? So, So that's the 3rd thought. We talked about you having contacted Greed about this, right? Bri was looking for people. Yeah, I think I did not, she last, I don't have the latest update last week when we spoke, you said it's not just started. So I just thought, okay, I'll wait for it, but I can ask her again. Ping her and ask her what where it is. Uh, yeah, because she did not. It would be a good thing for you to get this visibility. I think we talked about that. So for Bree to hear from from you instead of me, and on your behalf, it would be better if it came from you. Yeah, sure. So I will think her that's mostly today and I'll let you know what she say. I definitely need to follow up with her. So that was one piece wherein definitely I can help with 2nd is, uh, the track that Eugene initially started to talk to me like, what are the patterns that you see in AI production systems, which can, uh, I mean, uh, be improved or uh, can, we can provide some templates or guidelines around building this so that teams can. get help from it. So those are the 2 things I feel like are important ones. Let me have some artifacts. Also, I would like to review with you as we meet more often, maybe talk in this one on one and see what your views and thoughts are on that. Um, So those 2 definitely um, Uh, yeah, I, I, I totally, I'm, I'm with you on the part that you just last time mentioned about visibility and how we can improve it. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's that's probably the most important thing. It's a, I know that you can explain ideas. I know that you can do the technical work, but now we need to elevate that a little bit and make you visible and prepare you to be a people leader. So these are the 2 things, I think, I did review the Excel document that you sent me, the, um, what is it called? The self reflection or promotion. So there's a lot of content in there with a lot of meat. It almost looks like you were preparing for an interview. That's what... That's not what it's about, but I like that you have a lot of detail in there. Oh, one thing about um, uh, fruit goal. Um, you have been there at Ruco before. How do you feel about working there? Is that a client that you've enjoyed working? Or would you prefer to stay away from it? I mean, yeah, they were good. They were very structured. Uh, uh, good uh, team to work with, at least the team that I worked with. I work with 2 engagements there and I think I liked the work and whatever I did, produce and everything. Nothing, right? Not liking it. It all depends. No, I'm asking a question because this type of environment is not for everybody. When you go work at fruit goal, uh, you end up being part, you're not, it's not a slalom project. It's almost staff augmentation. Right? You become part of it. So this is not the type of environment that everybody enjoys. And so I'm sensitive to this, so I wanted to check. You've been there before, you're not there anymore. Is that something you want to do again? So that's basically, that's the way I should have asked a question. Yeah, so if there's any opportunity, good opportunity coming in, I don't have any inhibitions not working with them. I, I, as per client, client wise, I don't see anything. If you ask me, but aggressiveness, uh, kind of thing, it was there at Fruitco also. Is there in AWS Pro Surf team also that I'm working with? So in fact, aggressiveness? I mean, aggressiveness means fast paced environment to work with, and a lot of, um, Yeah, aggressive word, specifically like you will be always, uh, It is, it is a lot of work, basically. It is, uh, you have to spend a lot of 2nd working on it, and that's the nature of both Fruitco and AWS Pro serve team I've worked with. So, So that's that's that's the environment I have worked with. I don't see any issues working in such environments. That's totally fine with me. Uh, yeah, I think uh, more than changing project, like I would want to be more focused on like what it takes me to get to those things that you have mentioned about visibility and other things which will prepare me for the next level. Delivery, like you said. It's not like we're going to find one thing that works and it solves all the problems because that's different for every person. It depends on what you like to do, depends on how you like to present yourself. But basically, making sure that people who think of Madarima, they know, they know about you for, for the reason that you want them to know for, no you for. So not because you happen to one time work with them in a meeting on one project. It's for something more consistent. Like, Metal reminds always there when we need help with AI architecture. Metal is always there to help us when we need sales, sales support. That type of thing goes a long way. So, so, um, if it means we need to we need to come to a point where it's easy for you to put together a presentation without spending too much of your time. So that it's easy for you to present and explain things, then we'll work on that. Or it could be that you want to you want to contact as many people as possible to let them know that you have available cycles to support them in their sales or in as a sneal projects. You have to deal with this? Yeah, me and the project. I was in a semi-on project last year, like, uh, the CSforce, uh, last like December to January. When I worked with them, I think I had only a few hours, like 8 hours a week that I was working on. But I was working more as an SME because the client had worked with me earlier and they knew that they had trust in me. So besides this other buffabian, I was working there as an SME. So yeah, I do have experience working as NSM me. I can, so that was... So that's the other thing, is that we can, we can make sure to advertise the fact that you have this expertise with, uh, with AI architecture, architecture in general, but now it's more specific AI architecture, and you can be presented as a specialist. This is this is often the case when when you're a smee, you're not just me because you just happen to be there. You asked me because you're a specialist, you know something really well, and you can help the project. So, um, these are things. So helping with sales, uh, being able to do presentations easily, um, uh, without too much of your work to prepare for it. Uh, being available to support uh, teams and support as a team, and making sure that a lot of people know that. I think these are good things for you that we could, we may want to focus on. Okay. Does that sound like things that you want to do? Yeah, sure, sure. I will see how we can open up channels to do these things and I, I don't want, it never has to be complicated. Sorry I interrupted you. It never has to be complicated. You send a message, I agree, I remember, we talked about this. I want to follow up on this. I have cycles available to help with pursuits, adjusting me anytime you need help. And then you take that message, copy paste, you send that to someone else. You replace the name. Hi, Eugene. We talked about this. And then Rob Coke seems to be on a, Hi, Rob, I see that you're looking for people. I want to let you know that I'm available for things. So basically becoming visible, that's what I mean. It's that it's not just one time, but it's something consistent. Then, a couple weeks later, you send another message hi and then follow up and things of that nature. Yeah, I've definitely done that in past when I was having more bandwidth, but I would now, like, I kind of, last few months, I could not not been doing it, but I think I'm getting back to the second. When we get deep into a project, it's difficult to do that. But I definitely would continue to do that. Uh, and I will reach out to few people actually. Like I kind of mentioned to you also earlier, like I worked with Pragati. She's a principal. She is in the data break COE and working with Somya Ghosh. I saw that in your in your self, in your reflection. The data breaks COE. Tell me more about this. Yeah, so data break center of excellence team is basically, um, working with the data breaks, uh, or in order to kind of do certain things like say, bring in more sales for them, bring in more projects, plus as well as uh, provide some accelerators that would help uh, teams to use it and work in certain use cases. So I was associated with an accelerator which was uh, uh, for uh, finance journ industries like how much earn we have in insurance 360 or insurance 360s was the use case. So they wanted to focus more on all different kind of insurance companies and fit in data breaks as a technology to see how these companies can utilize data breaks for um for 5 or 6 different use cases, right? So one was like identifying how quickly the journey. So I kind of, developed a proof of concept there along with Privati, which was presented in London summit last year, and I think Sawya and Pragati got got back to me. So, so those are the things I think I, I would again reach out to her to see if there are more opportunities like that or how can I contribute there? Because That's one more way of being visible. This time it's outside of the market, the immediate market, but that's one more way to be visible. So that's absolutely a good idea to do that. I did not realize we had the data breaks COE. I knew we had a dinner breaks relationship. Uh, you know, uh, Emmanuel Ward? Yeah, yeah. So basically, it started with Emmanuel only. If you would have seen in my recommendations, Emmanuel is also there. He has put in a record because I was part of data engineering, Friday sessions that Emmanuel and Maya and everybody's doing, and that's where we kind of started. I kind of started discussing more with him on what we can do and things like that. And that's where I kind of finished my data breaks, data engineer, associate certification and helped. We can, me, Anu and other people's kind of updated and shared our findings from our certifications that people kind of went ahead. So Emmanuel, that that time I leased out to him, like there are more data breaks, COE opportunities that I am hearing for. He said, I'm talking to Somia on this and I will let you know. Then that's where Emmanuel and Somia both came in, Somia Ghosh. I and Emmanuel, and that's where I got this particular thing and Emmanuel also has put a recommendation in my workday around that time because I asked him based on whatever he was. Okay, okay. So yeah, so I think I'm very much in touch with him. Those is another person I can reach out to along with Pragati and see what we can do because I have recently done my really hands-on with their brakes, AI system, so there's anything that I can, you know, kind of, only question I have for you is like, you said this is out of market thing. Is that still available? Like because, uh, okay. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Even if it so remember that we are now one team. So, um, we, we, we have the uh, West region. We are part of the west region. We are part of the Norcal market, but it doesn't really mean anything anymore. Um, it means something because these are the people that we work more closely with. I'm sorry, but uh, We work with all of the all of the US and and so we're not limited by geography. We're not limited by market. So we just need to make sure when you do things that are outside of the market, we need to make sure that the people in the market know about that. So, and if you're, if you're, if you're talking or if you're working with, with Emmanuel, you will know about this. You will be there, you will see you. Uh, and then uh, when we get into this, like on Monday morning, we have a, uh, we have a, uh, uh, a west region Leeds meeting. And Emmanuel is on that call, I'm on that call, Breeze on that call, Eugene, uh, Kashi. So all of these people can need to know that you're involved in things and I will speak to it and Emmanuel can vouch for that. So this is this is the way to make your name more visible, not just when it's time for staffing and then Madrima project and we're done. We don't hear about it for 6 months. We want to hear about you all the time. So, uh, all those things we just talked about, it's all good to do that. Okay, sure. I will reach out to him as well. And I will let you know how things go. Um, And and and don't stress with this. It never needs to be complicated. Right? Just a quick message in Slack or teams, high manual or high someone, and we talked about this thing some time ago, and I'm following up on that, how are things going? And, you know, it never needs to be complicated. Don't make it complicated for yourself. Otherwise, otherwise it becomes a hurdle to do it. Yeah, yeah, I think I totally agree. It would be a small slack message to reach out to them and we can start from there. Yeah, sure. Yeah, don't be hesitant to be the one who initiates like a bigger conversation. You send a slack message and you can say, oh, okay, good. I'm going to schedule a 30 minute call next week to talk about this. And so now you take, you take the initiative. So that's part of growing up leadership skills. Okay. Yeah. Sure. I will try get to money people whom we talked about and we'll see how that goes. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'll try to think of writing down a little bit on a summary of what we just covered so that we have a list ongoing list of that for you and I to work with. Okay, I will try to do that. I will also see if you can provide or I can also do that, yeah. All the, and also on the recommendations part, I think I reached out to my colleague here in AWS Pro Sur. And he has sent an email you must might have seen it. I saw your message. I did not read it. I saw that you sent it. Let me go find it right now. Yeah. I've been in a lot of mean things in the last few days. So, let's see. It says feedback for Madorima. Uh, There we go. Okay, it's coming from Tao Jang. Yeah. I'd like to share a feedback for Maddie River, contractors, slow down. Leading role and hockey way. Okay, excellent. I will, I will, I will take it. I will probably add a little blurb at the top to say what it's for, and then I will put that as feedback in the in work day, so that would be good to have. Yeah. So he, he has actually, he's, he was good enough to actually summarize the work that I have been doing with him. This kind of tells also like specifically what kind of work in AI have been doing. So that would that would also kind of strengthen on my existing branding that you are talking about, right? Where, where, what I have been in production systems, what, what kind of things I have built and designed or in AI, right? Using AI, so, yeah. Yeah. Generally speaking, Madurima, you always, so if you want to move up into a principal role, you need to be aware that you're always gonna have, so you're gonna be doing your delivery work because as principles, we have 85% goal for utilization. As opposed to 86 for a consultant, so 85%. But in addition to this, if you have staff, you want to manage your staff, and you want to be supporting the practice as a leader. So it actually ends up being a situation where either you do a lot more work, or you need to accept that. The time that you have available to deliver work on your project is reduced. So that you have time to do other things. So that's one thing. The other thing is, you always want to have in the back of your head these leadership things. So, you want to be visible, you want to be participating in leadership activities. So it's not just when someone asks you, you have to constantly be doing that. So these are 22 things that you have to keep in mind. You have to accept that. You're either going to have more hours or you're going to have to reduce your work hours and so that you can, you can, you can do your leadership activities in the same 8 hour day. And, uh, and, uh, always have in the back of your mind that, uh, you, you, you, you want to be focused. Let's focus. You want to have some time available to do leadership activities. Yeah. So I think the leadership, uh, I'm just a little bit, uh, more clarity like. There's some leadership activities that I do as part of delivery also. Like if you would go through this email that Tao mentioned, like I was working with cross-functional teams and also like handling a team and overcoming all those hurdles and doing the support work that is needed for leadership, for this team. So my my only question is, does that account for a leadership quality that you have? It's part, it's yeah, yeah, yeah, absolutely. Absolutely. Um, there's plenty of people who are, um, who are senior consultants. They are leading a work stream on a project. But they're doing just that. They're just doing the minimum, so, and and there are other senior consultants who are leaders on the project, but they do more. They make sure that people work together, they go solve problems, they are proactive. So this absolutely matters. What I was talking about leadership activities, I was talking about capability leadership. So, uh, um, improving the word the way that we work, making uh, making things work and did not work before. There's all kinds of things that we do as leaders, helping other team members get stacked, even if they're not your team members. Uh, so all kinds of things related to leadership that uh, um, We need to make time. Yeah, so so so when you say all of this, I feel like this also resonates with me because even if the AWS process team, or even with sales force, and when I was working there, there was a, there was an immediate need of hiring someone because we needed to get somebody onboarded and I was part of doing all those hiring and following up and interviewing people as well. And here also within the team, I kind of do all such kind of leadership activities. In here as well as in fruit go. But my whole point is like since it's defined within the delivery team, If you think from like slalom, leadership, are they is it visible? Maybe not, but it is, there, in my, in my records or whatever, that it was. Yeah, it's going to be visible when we when we surface it. And when comes time to present you as a candidate to be principal, it's going to be me talking about it. So that's the way it's gonna be made visible. So even if it's, if it's been done internally, uh, inside of, not internally, but if it's been done inside of a project, uh, and not for the, you're not expected to be the capability lead right now. That's not what you're doing. Um, so, but, um, uh, it's going to be me talking about, um, all the things that you do do. So, to help, support talking about it, the slalam folks who have seen me doing it is one is SD, who worked with me closely on, says force project, 2 is Erica, who worked closely on me with Fruitco project. Maxine is another person. I worked on some RFPs with. I'm just driving you names because they have seen me closely doing these things in within the team. And if that helps, probably you can, I can get that context there also, but I can provide you. You can talk with SD. I talked with, I was talking with SD just last week, and actually, as early as Monday. So, um, I can, I can talk with SD. I have worked with SD before in a different thing, so we know we know each other well. Uh, Erica and who was the other person? Erica Maxine also. Maxine, Maxine. Okay. Yeah. And then who was... Let me think. Before fruit code was actually SJ, SJ has left the company already. I, yeah, so neighbor, I was there and but they both, they both are not there, so we can't talk about that. And you don't laugh in. Yeah, so, um, Yeah, so those are the people I think as of now. Yeah, you can talk. Do you know Mac Nai or no? Matt who? Matt N-N-G-A-I. He's, he's not, he, Okay, so he is another person. He's a he's a principal. He was working with me in sales force. He knows that well. If you think of colleagues like Maya was the one who worked, who was with me in the sales 4, she can talk about me, because she directly worked with me on the project. Uh, even in fruit code, they were pupil. Now the people who was there as a consultant and I kind of mentored and helped them because this was this person in San Diego or but he wanted. He was more of a business analyst and he wanted to be more of data engineer. So I kind of helped him learn through how he can transition and he started to take more work on the data engineering perspective where fruit goes. They've served their role of mentor. Yeah, so that, that, that guy, I think he is still there, this, that I don't know, like how much you consider people, uh, in San Diego and other places, right? So he can definitely talk about them. Yeah, I can I can I can get Yeah, I can get discussions with those people to hear what their their point of view is. Yeah. So what I can do is maybe. let's not let's not go too far too fast. Let's start with a few things and then and then we'll progress from there. Yeah, yeah, sure. And just because since we started talking about it, I thought I'll share, but we can we can get there when when when it's needed. And I also understand that you've been having discussions about promotion for some time with with Erica and with Josh. So, um, I don't want you to be repeating things, but I'm concerned that you may have been led in the wrong direction or it's been kept vague for you. I want to make it concrete. Here are things that we're going to be doing. Yeah, I see that. I see that now, I think, because now you are being very practically speaking of things, I have been talking about this for last 2 I mean, even when I was with Erica, with Raya, then Joshua. But the thing is, we weren't talking very, very stressful. He asked me recommendations, I provided all the recommendations. He asked me to do data engineering certification. I did that. I was there. So there are a lot of things that we did in terms of like, oh, this needs to be done. But I don't need you a better... It all made you a better consultant, but that's not what we need. If you're gonna be a principal, we want to bring you up to the level of a leader. So let's let's work on specifically on that. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, sure. Yeah, sounds good. Yeah, I think, yeah, almost 15 minutes more, but yeah, yeah, I'm gonna need to get to my other, other, other laptop now. Yeah, sure. So I think, yeah.
